# Meeting 10-10-21
## Meeting info:
Date/Time: 10-9-21\
Type: intro meeting! \
Facilitator: Dominik\
Note Taker: Dominik

Attendees:
- Dominik
- John
- Zimo
- Darwin
- Jennifer
- Tianze
- Chrisostomo
- Mike

# Agenda
## Introductions
Discussion: Got to introduce each other\
- Tianze: First year math CS student \
- Zimo: Third year CE major from revelle \
- Chrisostomo: math CS student from sixth, internship for sdsc, d&d master
Conclusion: N/A \
Action: Still need to introduce those who have not attended either meeting!
## Meeting structure
Discussion: Note taker takes notes, creates agenda for next meeting, and then we go ahead and discuss the different topics on the agenda, give updates regarding different portions of the assignment, and assemble issues for next meetings \
Conclusion: TBD \
Action: Jennifer next note taker
## Define roles
Discussion: We had decided that the different roles created in the discussion in class were a bit too rigid for our class. For instance, the planning process and design process should only take a couple of days or weeks at most. Therefore almost all members will become developers with slight exceptions.
- Chrisostomo: front end developer (Head developer) \
- John: down to be one of the developers
- Crisostomo: front end developer (experience from internship)
- Zimo: would also like to be a developer
- Mike: Back-end developer + db
- Jennifer: would like to help out with the front end
- Darwin (planner possibly)
- Designer(Prototype + mach design) (NOTE: No one has claimed this role yet, and it should only last a couple of weeks)
Conclusion: \
Action: give someone else the design role
## Setup rules of development and develop team contract:
Discussion: Discussed different bullet points for the team contract, check the markdown file for what we all decided on for different issues. \
Conclusion: N/A\
Action: Complete your own group contract! It's due 10/16!
## Branding
Discussion: Ready Player 1 theme (because we're group one, get it ;))\ 
Conclusion: N/A \
Action: N/A
## Team Page
Discussion: We decided on a ready player one theme\
Conclusion: N/A \
Action: We must each add our descriptions and our information on the team.md file. Feel free to decorate as much as possible!
## Team Intro Video
Discussion: We have decided to complete the team intro video after class on 10/12, just a short video taken on Dominik's phone is enough\
Conclusion: N/A\
Action: Please do your script for the intro before lecture so that the video looks as smooth as possible!
## Group bonding event
Discussion: Held group bonding event, just played a bit of skribbl! Was a lot of fun, assignment has already been submitted\
Conclusion: N/A\
Action: N/A
# Additional Notes/Info:
In short, we have completed 2 of the 4 assignments so far. The general meeting and the group bonding event. The only things left for this week are to complete the group video on tuesday of this week and to complete our group page and group contracts!
# For next time:
Do research regarding the project itself, find out how CRUD apps work and generally what we'll be doing this semester. Next meeting we will be brainstorming various ideas on how to do the project. See you then!
