# Meeting 11-14-21
## Meeting info:
Date/Time: 11-14-21\
Type: Workflow\
Facilitator: Dominik\
Note Taker: John

Attendees:
- Dominik Lovric
- Navya Sharma
- Jennifer Pham
- John Yan
- Matthew Chanthirat
- Mike Dong
- Zimo Peng
- Darwin Chan
- Crisostomo Chan

# Agenda
## Updates from Last Week's Meeting
Discussion: \
Conclusion: \
Action: 

## Assigning Story Points
Discussion: \
Conclusion: \
Action: 

## Backend Team Status and Integration
Discussion: \
Conclusion: \
Action: 

## Potentially Shifting Front-End to Back-End
Discussion: \
Conclusion: \
Action: 

## Plan for Finishing API Exploration and Implementation
Discussion: \
Conclusion: \
Action: 

## Deadlines
Discussion: \
Conclusion: \
Action: 

# Additional Notes/Info:
- More Interim Meetings?
- Change meeting time with Sanat?

# For next time:
- 
