# Agile Retrospective Sprint 2
### Ratings:
Our team was asked to rate our group on the following aspects on a scale of 1 to 5 with a following explanation: \
Clarity, Autonomy, Engagement, Communication, Mastery
- John: Clarity: 5 (Have a good idea of everything we need to do) Autonomy: 4 (Been able to work freely on all my parts for the most part. Had to wait for confirmation for timer) Engagement: 4 (I've done a lot with the styling of the Manage Recipe page, was a bit slower on timer than should be) Communication: 4 (A lot more communication with everyone on this sprint, which is great; though I was kinda gone for Thanksgiving break)
Mastery: 4 (Understanding how most of the app works now fairly well)
- Darwin: Clarity: 5,Autonomy: 4, a bit slow on everything in the first half of the week Engagement: 4, a bit slow during the first part of the week like under autonomy Communication: 5 Mastery: 4
- Mike: Clarity: 5, thanks to our team leads and Sanat , I am able to clearly understand the structure of the project with no confusions . Autonomy I will give a 4, as a member I feel like we have the right amount of freedom to work, and this helped us to finish the tasks. Engagement: 4, we are all pretty engaged on the work and material, especially during sprint. Communication: 3 since we do have some miscommunication parts we can do better on. But we are be able to catch up later. Mastery: 3.5? Since there are still a lot of technique we do not know, like image resizing and display issues with the navbar.
- Chrisostomo:
- Jennifer: Clarity: 4 - Sometimes I wish that there was a more detailed explanation for bugs like pictures, but it's not a big deal.
Autonomy: 4 - I think that people have been working pretty autonmously, although there were times when backend had to wait on the frontend to work on stuff.
Engagement: 3 -This week has been a bit busy for everyone, so engagement went a bit down. It'll proabably go back to normal later.
Communication: 3 - again, this week has been a bit busy, so not everyone was abke to communicate quicky.
Mastery: 4 I think we learned a lot in terms of our workflow.
- Matthew: Clarity: 4.7 - I can see where the project is going and feel like it is sailing along pretty smoothly apart from a few bugs here and there that have been mentioned Autonomy: 4 - I can still work on my own pace and relatively get things done that are my problem. Engagement: 4 - There is at least something I can always  do, whether it’s an actual problem I need to address or minor styling tweaks that can be done. As well as communicating with the team when needed, I have been able to do.  Communication: 4.7 - Apart from Thanksgiving causing us to go on hiatus, I feel we have all been able to communicate relatively well with each other and get a response from one another when needed.  Mastery: 3.8 - I’m aware of the material of our project, I can feel the work we’ve done so far, but I wouldn’t say I’m a master of it.
- Zimo: Clarity: 4 (I have a clear understanding of what we are doing, still more to discuss and nail down) Autonomy: 4 (impacted by other courses) Engagement: 4 (2 in the early weeks, 4.5 in the recent weeks, I spend days and hours into implementing and debugging) Communication: 4.5 (sufficient communication) Mastery: 4 (For all the files in the project, there are still part I haven't fully understand)
- Tianze: Clarity: 5. I can understand the task clearly by attending the meeting. The code are organized so I can catch up quickly. Autonomy: 5. Tasks distributed very well so can be done by individual, good work from manager. Engagement: 4. Not very clear about the front end staff. Need to read more code. Communication: 4. This week is too busy due to thanksgiving. Mastery: 4. I met several bugs and debugging is always a good way to learn for me.


### Project  as a whole
Next we asked our team how they feel regarding the entire project (on a scale of 1-5 once more). What are they glad about, what are they dissapointed about?:
- John: 4. Styling looks pretty much done for the pages, except for explore (need the rows for ingredient of week and own recipes), and CRUD is working. There are quite a few bugs though and we still need to implement one more domain specific functionality, which is a bit worrisome. However, everything is coming together thanks to the backend team's efforts, which is great. We still look on track to finish.
- Darwin: 4.5 - I think overall our project has good process, just some bugs waiting to be fixed, and some features to be implemented. We are going to work of those items this week, to further prefect our app. Otherwise, it is functional and things comes together pretty well, looks satisfying!
- Mike: I will say a 4 for the project. The good parts are the autonomy engagement, thanks to our team leads and Darwin to make everything clear for us. And I also enjoy collaborations we had during the sprint. The team is pretty productive during the sprints. The disappointed part will probably be communication issues and mastery on different stuff. There are still many thing we need to learn to make sure everything goes smoothly.
- Chrisostomo:
- Jennifer: I'll rate our entire project a 4. At first, I was a bit worried about our progress but Sanat told us that we were doing ok. I do feel a bit burnt out because it's week 10 though, so I wonder if anyone else will feel the same way and if that will affect our progess in the future. I'm glad that we were able to get most of the frontend styling done though!
- Matthew: 4.5 - pretty good regarding on where the whole project is going, glad on how fast we’re making progress as a team, not much to be disappointed about? Because as big issues arise, we can usually brute force get to the bottom of it before a somewhat hard deadline.
- Zimo: (4) Well done so far. Readibility may need to improve, backend features need to finish and get tested.
- Tianze: 4.5: Frontend did a great job. The website appears really amazing right now. I think there are not many remaining developments but test and debug will take some time.

### Additional Comments
Afterwards, we collected general comments and additional statements, what can be improved?: In contrast to our second sprint, it seems like our group has a whole has been improving, things have been more clear across the board, we are working more efficiently, communication isn't as big a problem and we are starting to get the project done! Looking forward to the final product!
