# Meeting 11-28-21
## Meeting info:
Date/Time: 11-28-21
Type: Workflow
Facilitator: Dominik
Note Taker: John

## Attendees
- Dominik Lovric
- Jennifer Pham
- John Yan
- Matthew Chanthirat
- Darwin Chan
- Tianze Guan
- Navya Sharma

## Announcement
Team video coming up! Everyone will need to talk for at least 30 seconds. Let's try to do it over zoom, because it will be easier to edit.

## Deadlines
CI/CD Pipeline due 30th; Navya and Darwin are on it. Heroku and codefactor.io are needed. JSDocs on github.
ADR, need 6 around the end of the semester. Mike is on it.
Ingredient of the week by Wednesday.
Let's do the Agile sprint review and retrospective after this meeting. 
Will need to work on the wiki now, now that the end of the project is coming up. Where everything is (meeting notes, etc) so we don't need to navigate. 

## Plan for this week
Darwin will look to fix the input link bug. 
Will be using lighthouse to test for accessibility and speed.
Let's get pin and timer by Monday discussion. 
Deployment after all of this.
